Body:

Founded in London in 2020, but now based in Paris, Oui Non Editions produces and distributes limited edition publications and other printed matter designed in close collaboration with artists and photographers.

Form:
To receive occasional updates by email about new stock and offerings, you can subscribe below.

Link:
hello@oui-non-editions.com (CONTACT)
@oui-non-editions
https://www.instagram.com/oui_non_editions/
Web development by AP Studio(CREDITS)
Typeface designed by Seb

Founded in London in 2020, but now based in Paris, Oui Non Éditions produces and distributes limited edition publications and other printed matter designed in close collaboration with artists and photographers.

If you want to get in touch, please email us at hello@oui-non-editions.com

To receive occasional updates by email about new stock and offerings, you can subscribe below.

Aura Rosenberg
Blommers and Schumm
Camille Vivier
Celia Hempton
Charlie Engman
Frances Waite
Francesco Nazardo
Heji Shin
Hudinilson Jr.
Larissa Hofman
Leigh Ledare
Maisie Cousins
Mark Peckmezian
Mark Steinmetz
Marton Perlaki
Neil Winokur
Paul Kooiker
Peter Puklus
Roe Ethridge
Stefanie Moshammer
Torbjorn Rodland
Valeria Herklotz
Walter Pfeiffer
Zoë Ghertner

(Stocklists)
Claire de Rouen
Yvon Lambert
Librairie Sans Titre
Tenderbooks
The Photographers Gallery
Cahier Central
La Nouvelle Chambre Claire
Entre Chiens et Loups

(Contacts)

hello@oui-non-editions.com
@oui-non-editions

(Credits)
Web development by AP Studio
Typeface designed by Seb McLauchlan

(SHIPPING POLICY)

Oui Non Éditions distributes from the EU. (Orders are dispatched within 7 working days after confirmation of purchase).

(EUROPE SHIPPING)
Approximately 2–5 working days

(UK SHIPPING)
Approximately 2–5 working days

(WORLDWIDE SHIPPING)
Approximately 7-14 working days

If your order has not arrived in time please contact us, we will advise you accordingly.

(REFUND POLICY)

We have a 30-day return policy, which means you have 30 days after receiving your item to request a return. To be eligible for a return, your item must be in the same condition that you received it, unworn or unused, with tags, and in its original packaging. You’ll also need the receipt or proof of purchase.

To start a return, you can contact us at hello@oui-non-editions.com. If your return is accepted, we’ll send you a return shipping label, as well as instructions on how and where to send your package. Items sent back to us without first requesting a return will not be accepted

(DAMAGES AND ISSUES)

Please inspect your order upon reception and contact us immediately if the item is defective, damaged or if you receive the wrong item, so that we can evaluate the issue and make it right.

(EXCEPTIONS / NON-RETURNABLE ITEMS)

Certain types of items cannot be returned, like perishable goods (such as food, flowers, or plants), custom products (such as special orders or personalized items), and personal care goods (such as beauty products). We also do not accept returns for hazardous materials, flammable liquids, or gases. Please get in touch if you have questions or concerns about your specific item. Unfortunately, we cannot accept returns on sale items or gift cards.

(EXCHANGES)

The fastest way to ensure you get what you want is to return the item you have, and once the return is accepted, make a separate purchase for the new item.

(REFUNDS)

We will notify you once we’ve received and inspected your return, and let you know if the refund was approved or not. If approved, you’ll be automatically refunded on your original payment method. Please remember it can take some time for your bank or credit card company to process and post the refund too.